The hash table, linked list and iterator implementation comes from Sofia's Assignment 1.
The utils implementations comes from Ludvig's C Bootstrap Labs. 

The files for this project makes up the backend and frontend of a simple web store.

1. Build and run tests

    In order to build and run tests, type "make test" in the terminal. 
    To do this with valgrind, type "make memtest".

    Line coverage and branch coverage per .c file, generated by gcov:

    For shop_backend_test.c:

    Lines executed:96.47% of 623

    Branches executed:97.37% of 76

    Taken at least once:50.00% of 76

    Calls executed:95.98% of 522

    For shop_frontend.c compiled with text.txt:

    Lines executed:98.63% of 292

    Branches executed:98.15% of 108

    Taken at least once:87.04% of 108

    Calls executed:98.68% of 151

2. Run the programs

    In order to run the tests, type "make test" as mentioned above in the terminal.

    In order to run the whole program, type "make frontend" in the terminal. 

3. Design decisions taken

    When it comes to faulty inputs, we decided to handle that with the classic option_t approach. 

    The option_t contains two values, a bool to indicate a successful input, and the value associated with that. 

    This forces users who wants to adapt our code with their own front end to handle faulty inputs accordingly. 

4. Profiling results

    By running gprof on shop_backend_test.c, it showed that the top 3 functions for the file was:
    1. link_create
    2. ioopm_linked_list_prepend
    3. ioopm_linked_list_destroy

    For the whole list, please refer to the document analysis.txt.

    These top 3 functions are expected as a lot of the structures in shop_backend.c either are linked lists or partly built up by linked lists.